{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}
{\list\listtemplateid3\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid201\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid3}
{\list\listtemplateid4\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid301\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid4}
{\list\listtemplateid5\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid401\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid5}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}{\listoverride\listid3\listoverridecount0\ls3}{\listoverride\listid4\listoverridecount0\ls4}{\listoverride\listid5\listoverridecount0\ls5}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww33400\viewh21000\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Process:
\b0 \
\
Learned Wordpress on a beta site - I\'92m a firm believer in \'91Learn by doing' \
Spent first weekend doing various Wordpress courses and experimenting in the beta site. \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0Theme slider, fonts, colour scheme, counters, animations, custom css, plugins \
\
The 
\b concept
\b0  was to give the dated looking Visual ID a new identity using a contemporary colour scheme\
that matches the existing logo:\
*visualID logo here*\
and \
suitable font choice. The colour scheme chosen was:\
\
And the font choice was Roboto\
\
Obstacle 1: \
Importing dummy data xml file due to an issue with the theme selected. After a lot of banging my \
head against my keyboard i found the solution. \
\
Obtaining content, deciding on what to use in the site and simplifying and bullet pointing. \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0For 8 system modules - tutorial videos using modal plugin \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0Creating and curating banner images for each module page \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0Packaging system modules into 3 packages - VZY classic, VZY premium & Doddle \
\
Including client testimonials and clipping logos for use in client slider \
\
Customising contact form and embedding google maps in page \
\
Importing old blog into new site. \
\
Css media queries \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0While the theme is responsive certain components were not included and certain extra components were added \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0so it needed to be handled with css media queries. \
\
Obstacle 2: \
When Doddle was released a custom logo needed to be used in the Visual ID site for the payment plans page. \
The theme had accommodated for the logos that it came with but this was not part of the theme. So when a user \
hover\'92s over the doddle button on the plans page nothing happened but with the other two plans their background colour would \
fade into light blue. The solutions was to create a separate on hover doddle logo in in photoshop which matched the other two\'a0 \
logos. When a user hovers over the Doddle logo, it\'92s background image is changed to the simulated new image and a css transition \
was added with the same timing as the other two logo hovers thus simulating the exact same effect. \
\
The site was backed up to google drive once a week. But the server\'92s the site lived on were also backed up every 24hours. \
\
Obstacle 3: \
Site speed was poor due to the theme dependencies. \
\
All images were optimised and resized. \
All bad requests deleted or resolved. \
Reduced the numbed of requests where possible. \
Deleted unnecessary plugins (not were being used initally) and other assets. \
Code was minified and concatenated. \
Google page speed was turned off on the server side because it was adding a string to the end of some image names and\'a0 \
causing more bad requests. \
\'a0 \'a0 \'a0None of the above were done using plugins. \
\
\
Security measures were taken using Wordfence and it showed how many hack attempts were happening daily and allowed me to block IP addresses from certain IPS or countries\
\
wp-admin was changed to avoid bot brute force attacks\
\
\
The heading will be as follows:\

\b TARGET\'97	\

\b0 reproduce brief provided by dave in first stages
\b \
\
UX\'97	\

\b0 reproduce brief provided by dave in first stages
\b \
\
COLOUR & IDENTITY\'97\

\b0 Give samples of page elements which match the logo
\b \
\
TEAM\'97\

\b0 Not convinced on this section..maybe mention Pier and Dave\'85maybe not though\
\

\b CONTENT\'97\

\b0 Site content had to be compressed, summarised and refined.\
Involved working closely with Dave and Pier.\
Involved adopting the mindset of a brand new user who knows nothing about us.\
\

\b FIRST ROUND FEEDBACK\'97\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs26 \cf2 Howdy Michael\
\
Below are some of my initial comments. The site looks great and you have delivered the essence of what we need it just needs cleaning up now well done. We will also have to think about an obvious link in the products area for the Pay on line development moving forward.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa256\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Initial Notes on web site: \
Landing page: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Slider stopped after the second slide. Second time around it worked\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Can we highlight in any way that there is more below by accentuating the side slide bar?\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
We will help section: Can we change this click here\'a0 to "read a short case study" just a thought\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	4.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
we need a back button when you enter these case studies\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	5.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Can we change Transaction Process to Engagement process (Just a suggestion)\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	6.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Could we colour code these box areas so the stand out more and the titles are also more obvious\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	7.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Standardise the word VZ and Veazy throughout the site but we will do this when final content is agreed.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa256\partightenfactor0
\cf2 What we offer section: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Needs a back button\
\ls2\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
What we offer content needs to be reviewed but a good start\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa256\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Products: \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls3\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Need a back button when you enter a product category\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Silver Gold platinum colour coding is good but looks bland can we look at different imagery as Platinum is also the same colour as silver\
\ls3\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	3.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Content needs reviewing but a good start\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa256\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Clients \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls4\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
There are a few logos that we need to remove\
\ls4\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	2.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Back button to home page from here\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa256\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Blog area is good we need to highlight our social media links here a bit more maybe \
Contact page \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\partightenfactor0
\ls5\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	1.	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Need to add in a product interest tickbox area\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa256\partightenfactor0
\cf2 lets also extract all the current content you have entered and sit down and review. I will start and then Pier and You can edit. \
\uc0\u8232 \
Very happy well done \
\uc0\u8232 \
Dave \
\

\b SECURITY\'97\

\b0 Word fence plugin \
\

\b SITE OPTIMISATION\'97	\

\b0 Talk about tools used compressor.io, Google psi, minification tools etc.\
Getting site down from 10 seconds to 2 seconds\
Problems caused by google page speed appending characters to the end of images and creating bad requests
\f0\fs28 \cf0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl340\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 \

\b0 \
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}